everybody this is Doug big kid
Powersports calm today we're going to be
removing the rear axle off of a Honda
ATV this is a TRX 400x this will work
for a lot of Honda's they had probably
other makes also so first off um take
your tires and wheels off that's
obviously easy enough and then we're
going to get in here
I'm going to take this caliper off just
the two bolts on the backside got those
loosened up out of the way get that out
of there now we're going to get this
that not there this not here we're going
to work it all towards the hub because
there's a c-clip in there you want to
get out so you got to work all that
towards the hub keep that c-clip off
back it all off take your hub out and
it'll slide out all right we got this
c-clip out of the way now we're going to
take one at a time
that nut that's nut in the back here
work them out towards the wheel hub and
then that'll be able to be able to get
in there get this rotor off get
everything off there so let's get this
off and we'll go from there
alright at this point you've got the
that little clip the clip on there that
set ring got the two knots these threads
will slide off the spline and then
you've got the brake rotor hub and then
your splines all freed up you've got
four Allen's here that clamp the bearing
carrier in the swing arm so just all you
gotta do is loosen those four up
and take this hub off at the end it'll
be a castle bot with a cotter pin
through it slide that off slide all
these components off brake rotor mount
good thing we did pop this apart because
this thing is busted on one of those on
the shelf here so at this point you
might have to tap the end if you do have
to tap that and put that castle nut back
on so you're not goofing up on a the
threads but otherwise this is slide
right out at that point
take this faceplate off here to stop get
in there get that that bearing carrier
out replace those bearings if you need
to replace your axle do whatever you
need to do on the axle
whatever bunch of this far no it does
better than me I'm not here to judge so
if you broke it you broke it fix it if
you need parts eight one five three six
three one two five four big kid
Powersports calm